she looks if anybody's interested in
buying it she was not plugged in and
fires right up it's about 40 degrees
outside so it's not too cold so we just
started right up no problem
it had a thousand so the hours on the
gauge is five thousand four hundred
seventy nine hours most of those are
from Waterville ski area all the gauges
work half a tank fuel temperature oil
pressure battery charging all the
grooming implement controls still
functional everything works here and
believe the radio still works yep
then the converter is there there is a
computer and we do have the programming
component that goes with this if anybody
ever had to program it
Ricardo seats still in good shape we'll
take a look outside
you